PowerShell/JumpCloud Commands Gallery/Windows Commands/Windows - Prompt Expiring Users To Update Password.md, before:

#### Name

Windows - Prompt Expiring Users To Update Their Password | v1.0 JCCG

#### commandType

windows

#### Command

```
$JCAPIKEY = '' # Populate variable with your api key.
$MessageBoxStyle = 4 # Look inside the Invoke-BroadcastMessage function for options.
$MessageTitle = 'JumpCloud Password About To Expire' # Text to display in the message box title.
$MessageBody = 'Your password will expire in {0} days. Click "Yes" to send a JumpCloud password reset link to your email.' # Text to display in the message box body.
$TimeOutSec = 60 # How long you want the message box to display to the user.
$AlertDaysThreshold = 7 # Users whose passwords will expire in 7 days or less will receive a prompt to update.
#------- Do not modify below this line ------
Function Invoke-BroadcastMessage
{
    [CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetName = 'Default')]
    Param(
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $true, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 0)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][int]$SessionId,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 1)][ValidateRange(1, 6)][int]$MessageBoxStyle = 4,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 2)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageTitle,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 3)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageBody,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 4)][scriptblock]$ConfirmationAction,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 5)][int]$TimeOutSec = 60
    )
    # Message Box Style Options:
    # 1 - Ok, Cancel
    # 2 - Abort, Retry, Ignore
    # 3 - Yes, No, Cancel
    # 4 - Yes, No
    # 5 - Retry, Cancel
    # 6 - Cancel, Try Again, Continue
    try
    {
        # Import classes
        $WTSOpenSig = @"
[DllImport("wtsapi32.dll", SetLastError=true)]
public static extern IntPtr WTSOpenServer(string pServerName);
"@
        $WTSSendMessageSig = @"
[DllImport("wtsapi32.dll", SetLastError = true)]
public static extern bool WTSSendMessage(
IntPtr hServer,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.I4)] int SessionId,
String pTitle,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int TitleLength,
String pMessage,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int MessageLength,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int Style,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int Timeout,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] out int pResponse,
bool bWait);
"@
        $WTSOpen = Add-Type -MemberDefinition:($WTSOpenSig) -Name:('PSWTSOpenServer') -Namespace:('GetLoggedOnUsers') -PassThru
        $WTSMessage = Add-Type -MemberDefinition:($WTSSendMessageSig) -Name:('PSWTSSendMessage') -Namespace:('GetLoggedOnUsers') -PassThru
        # Define target machine
        $Server = $WTSOpen::WTSOpenServer('LocalHost')
        # Define misc variables
        $ComputerName = $Env:ComputerName
        $Response = ''
        # Prompt user for message
        $WTSMessage::WTSSendMessage($Server, $SessionId, $MessageTitle, $MessageTitle.Length, $MessageBody, $MessageBody.Length, $MessageBoxStyle, $TimeOutSec, [ref]$Response, $true) 
        $ResponseMessage = Switch ($Response)
        {
            1 {'Ok'}
            2 {'Cancel'}
            3 {'Abort'}
            4 {'Retry'}
            5 {'Ignore'}
            6 {'Yes'}
            7 {'No'}
            10 {'Try Again'}
            11 {'Continue'}
            32001 {'Function returned without waiting for a response'}
            32000 {'User did not respond within the timeout period'}
            Default {'Unknown Response Value'}
        }
        If ($Response -in @(1, 6, 11))
        {
            If (-not([string]::IsNullOrEmpty($ConfirmationAction)))
            {
                Write-Verbose ("Running command: $ConfirmationAction")
                Invoke-Command -ScriptBlock:($ConfirmationAction)
            }
        }
        $Responses = [PSCustomObject]@{
            'ComputerName'    = $ComputerName;
            'SessionId'       = $SessionId;
            'ResponseId'      = $Response;
            'ResponseMessage' = $ResponseMessage;
        }
        Return $Responses
    }
    Catch
    {
        $Exception = $_.Exception
        $Message = $Exception.Message
        While ($Exception.InnerException)
        {
            $Exception = $Exception.InnerException
            $Message += "`n" + $Exception.Message
        }
        Write-Error ($_.FullyQualifiedErrorId.ToString() + "`n" + $_.InvocationInfo.PositionMessage + "`n" + $Message)
    }
}

Function Invoke-PasswordResetNotification
{
    [CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetName = 'Default')]
    Param(
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $true, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 0)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$JCAPIKEY,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 1)][ValidateRange(1, 6)][int]$MessageBoxStyle = 4,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 2)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageTitle,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 3)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageBody,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 4)][int]$TimeOutSec = 60,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 5)][int]$AlertDaysThreshold = 7
    )
    Try
    {
        #Set JC headers
        Write-Verbose 'Populating API headers'
        $hdrs = @{
            'Content-Type' = 'application/json'
            'Accept'       = 'application/json'
            'X-API-KEY'    = $JCAPIKEY
        }
        [Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
        # Get list of users on machine
        $ActiveUsers = (quser) -Replace ('^>', '') -Replace ('\s{2,}', ',') | ConvertFrom-Csv
        # ForEach user
        ForEach ($ActiveUser In $ActiveUsers)
        {
            $UserName = $ActiveUser.UserName
            $SessionId = $ActiveUser.ID
            $UserState = $ActiveUser.State
            If ($UserState -eq 'Active')
            {
                # Get user info
                $SystemUser_URL = 'https://console.jumpcloud.com/api/systemusers?fields=username email password_expiration_date&search[fields]=username&search[searchTerm]=' + $UserName
                $SystemUser = Invoke-RestMethod -Method:('GET') -Headers:($hdrs) -Uri:($SystemUser_URL)
                If ($SystemUser.results)
                {
                    $Id = $SystemUser.results._id
                    $UserName = $SystemUser.results.UserName
                    $email = $SystemUser.results.email
                    $password_expiration_date = $SystemUser.results.password_expiration_date
                    # Get days till users password expires
                    $TimeSpan = New-TimeSpan -Start:(Get-Date) -End:($password_expiration_date)
                    $DaysUntilPasswordExpire = $TimeSpan.Days
                    # If days until password expires is less than the alert threshold
                    If ($DaysUntilPasswordExpire -le $AlertDaysThreshold)
                    {
                        # Build confirmation action body
                        $ConfirmationAction = {
                            $JsonBody = '{"isSelectAll":false,"models":[{"_id":"' + $Id + '"}]}'
                            $PasswordReset_URL = 'https://console.jumpcloud.com/api/systemusers/reactivate'
                            $PasswordReset = Invoke-RestMethod -Method:('POST') -Headers:($hdrs) -Uri:($PasswordReset_URL) -Body:($JsonBody)
                        }
                        $Response = Invoke-BroadcastMessage -SessionId:($SessionId) -MessageBoxStyle:($MessageBoxStyle) -MessageTitle:($MessageTitle) -MessageBody:($MessageBody -f $DaysUntilPasswordExpire) -ConfirmationAction:($ConfirmationAction) -TimeOutSec:($TimeOutSec)
                        $Response | Select-Object *, @{Name = 'UserName'; Expression = {$UserName}}, @{Name = 'password_expiration_date'; Expression = {$password_expiration_date}}
                    }
                }
                Else
                {
                    Write-Error ('Unable to find user:' + $UserName)
                }
            }
        }
    }
    Catch
    {
        $Exception = $_.Exception
        $Message = $Exception.Message
        While ($Exception.InnerException)
        {
            $Exception = $Exception.InnerException
            $Message += "`n" + $Exception.Message
        }
        Write-Error ($_.FullyQualifiedErrorId.ToString() + "`n" + $_.InvocationInfo.PositionMessage + "`n" + $Message)
    }
}
Invoke-PasswordResetNotification -JCAPIKEY:($JCAPIKEY) -MessageBoxStyle:($MessageBoxStyle) -MessageTitle:($MessageTitle) -MessageBody:($MessageBody) -TimeOutSec:($TimeOutSec) -AlertDaysThreshold:($AlertDaysThreshold)
```

#### Description

1. Runs "quser" command to get a list of all active sessions on the machine. 
2. For each user with an active session query the users password expiration date. 
3. If it is determined that the users password will expire within the alert days threshold then a notification is displayed to the user asking them to reset their password.   
4. If the user selects "Yes" then the action will trigger a password reset email to be sent to their inbox. If the user selects "No" then no action will occure. 

Required Variables:
* $JCAPIKEY - This must be populated with your your API key.
* By default AlertDaysThreshold is set to 7 days.

![Windows_PasswordExpiration_Notification](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/blob/master/PowerShell/JumpCloud%20Commands%20Gallery/Files/Windows_PasswordExpiration_Notification.png?raw=true)

#### *Import This Command*

To import this command into your JumpCloud tenant run the below command using the [JumpCloud PowerShell Module](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/wiki/Installing-the-JumpCloud-PowerShell-Module)

```
Import-JCCommand -URL 'https://git.io/fh5qZ'
```

Commit message:

update to script to format output.

PowerShell/JumpCloud Commands Gallery/Windows Commands/Windows - Prompt Expiring Users To Update Password.md, after:

#### Name

Windows - Prompt Expiring Users To Update Their Password | v1.0 JCCG

#### commandType

windows

#### Command

```
################## Invoke-PasswordResetNotification ##################
$JCAPIKEY = '' # Populate variable with your api key.
$MessageBoxStyle = 4 # Look inside the Invoke-BroadcastMessage function for options.
$MessageTitle = 'JumpCloud Password About To Expire' # Text to display in the message box title.
$MessageBody = 'Your password will expire in {0} days. Click "Yes" to send a JumpCloud password reset link to your email.' # Text to display in the message box body.
$TimeOutSec = 60 # How long you want the message box to display to the user.
$AlertDaysThreshold = 7 # Users whose passwords will expire in 7 days or less will receive a prompt to update.
#------- Do not modify below this line ------
Function Invoke-BroadcastMessage
{
    [CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetName = 'Default')]
    Param(
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $true, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 0)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][int]$SessionId,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 1)][ValidateRange(1, 6)][int]$MessageBoxStyle = 4,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 2)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageTitle,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 3)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageBody,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 4)][scriptblock]$ConfirmationAction,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 5)][int]$TimeOutSec = 60
    )
    # Message Box Style Options:
    # 1 - Ok, Cancel
    # 2 - Abort, Retry, Ignore
    # 3 - Yes, No, Cancel
    # 4 - Yes, No
    # 5 - Retry, Cancel
    # 6 - Cancel, Try Again, Continue
    try
    {
        # Import classes
        $WTSOpenSig = @"
[DllImport("wtsapi32.dll", SetLastError=true)]
public static extern IntPtr WTSOpenServer(string pServerName);
"@
        $WTSSendMessageSig = @"
[DllImport("wtsapi32.dll", SetLastError = true)]
public static extern bool WTSSendMessage(
IntPtr hServer,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.I4)] int SessionId,
String pTitle,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int TitleLength,
String pMessage,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int MessageLength,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int Style,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] int Timeout,
[MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.U4)] out int pResponse,
bool bWait);
"@
        $WTSOpen = Add-Type -MemberDefinition:($WTSOpenSig) -Name:('PSWTSOpenServer') -Namespace:('GetLoggedOnUsers') -PassThru
        $WTSMessage = Add-Type -MemberDefinition:($WTSSendMessageSig) -Name:('PSWTSSendMessage') -Namespace:('GetLoggedOnUsers') -PassThru
        # Define target machine
        $Server = $WTSOpen::WTSOpenServer('LocalHost')
        # Define misc variables
        $ComputerName = $Env:ComputerName
        $Response = ''
        # Prompt user for message
        $WTSMessage::WTSSendMessage($Server, $SessionId, $MessageTitle, $MessageTitle.Length, $MessageBody, $MessageBody.Length, $MessageBoxStyle, $TimeOutSec, [ref]$Response, $true) 
        $ResponseMessage = Switch ($Response)
        {
            1 {'Ok'}
            2 {'Cancel'}
            3 {'Abort'}
            4 {'Retry'}
            5 {'Ignore'}
            6 {'Yes'}
            7 {'No'}
            10 {'Try Again'}
            11 {'Continue'}
            32001 {'Function returned without waiting for a response'}
            32000 {'User did not respond within the timeout period'}
            Default {'Unknown Response Value'}
        }
        If ($Response -in @(1, 6, 11))
        {
            If (-not([string]::IsNullOrEmpty($ConfirmationAction)))
            {
                Write-Verbose ("Running command: $ConfirmationAction")
                Invoke-Command -ScriptBlock:($ConfirmationAction)
            }
        }
        $Responses = [PSCustomObject]@{
            'ComputerName'    = $ComputerName;
            'SessionId'       = $SessionId;
            'ResponseId'      = $Response;
            'ResponseMessage' = $ResponseMessage;
        }
        Return $Responses
    }
    Catch
    {
        $Exception = $_.Exception
        $Message = $Exception.Message
        While ($Exception.InnerException)
        {
            $Exception = $Exception.InnerException
            $Message += "`n" + $Exception.Message
        }
        Write-Error ($_.FullyQualifiedErrorId.ToString() + "`n" + $_.InvocationInfo.PositionMessage + "`n" + $Message)
    }
}

Function Invoke-PasswordResetNotification
{
    [CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetName = 'Default')]
    Param(
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $true, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 0)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$JCAPIKEY,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 1)][ValidateRange(1, 6)][int]$MessageBoxStyle = 4,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 2)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageTitle,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $True, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 3)][ValidateNotNullOrEmpty()][string]$MessageBody,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 4)][int]$TimeOutSec = 60,
        [Parameter(Mandatory = $false, ValueFromPipelineByPropertyName = $true, Position = 5)][int]$AlertDaysThreshold = 7
    )
    Try
    {
        #Set JC headers
        Write-Verbose 'Populating API headers'
        $hdrs = @{
            'Content-Type' = 'application/json'
            'Accept'       = 'application/json'
            'X-API-KEY'    = $JCAPIKEY
        }
        [Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
        # Get list of users on machine
        $ActiveUsers = (quser) -Replace ('^>', '') -Replace ('\s{2,}', ',') | ConvertFrom-Csv
        # ForEach user
        ForEach ($ActiveUser In $ActiveUsers)
        {
            $UserName = $ActiveUser.UserName
            $SessionId = $ActiveUser.ID
            $UserState = $ActiveUser.State
            If ($UserState -eq 'Active')
            {
                # Get user info
                $SystemUser_URL = 'https://console.jumpcloud.com/api/systemusers?fields=username email password_expiration_date&search[fields]=username&search[searchTerm]=' + $UserName
                $SystemUser = Invoke-RestMethod -Method:('GET') -Headers:($hdrs) -Uri:($SystemUser_URL)
                If ($SystemUser.results)
                {
                    $Id = $SystemUser.results._id
                    $UserName = $SystemUser.results.UserName
                    $email = $SystemUser.results.email
                    $password_expiration_date = $SystemUser.results.password_expiration_date
                    # Get days till users password expires
                    $TimeSpan = New-TimeSpan -Start:(Get-Date) -End:($password_expiration_date)
                    $DaysUntilPasswordExpire = $TimeSpan.Days
                    # If days until password expires is less than the alert threshold
                    If ($DaysUntilPasswordExpire -le $AlertDaysThreshold)
                    {
                        # Build confirmation action body
                        $ConfirmationAction = {
                            $JsonBody = '{"isSelectAll":false,"models":[{"_id":"' + $Id + '"}]}'
                            $PasswordReset_URL = 'https://console.jumpcloud.com/api/systemusers/reactivate'
                            $PasswordReset = Invoke-RestMethod -Method:('POST') -Headers:($hdrs) -Uri:($PasswordReset_URL) -Body:($JsonBody)
                        }
                        $Response = Invoke-BroadcastMessage -SessionId:($SessionId) -MessageBoxStyle:($MessageBoxStyle) -MessageTitle:($MessageTitle) -MessageBody:($MessageBody -f $DaysUntilPasswordExpire) -ConfirmationAction:($ConfirmationAction) -TimeOutSec:($TimeOutSec)
                        Return $Response | Where-Object {$_.ComputerName} | Select-Object ComputerName, SessionId, ResponseId, ResponseMessage, @{Name = 'UserName'; Expression = {$UserName}}, @{Name = 'password_expiration_date'; Expression = {$password_expiration_date}}
                    }
                }
                Else
                {
                    Write-Error ('Unable to find user:' + $UserName)
                }
            }
        }
    }
    Catch
    {
        $Exception = $_.Exception
        $Message = $Exception.Message
        While ($Exception.InnerException)
        {
            $Exception = $Exception.InnerException
            $Message += "`n" + $Exception.Message
        }
        Write-Error ($_.FullyQualifiedErrorId.ToString() + "`n" + $_.InvocationInfo.PositionMessage + "`n" + $Message)
    }
}
Invoke-PasswordResetNotification -JCAPIKEY:($JCAPIKEY) -MessageBoxStyle:($MessageBoxStyle) -MessageTitle:($MessageTitle) -MessageBody:($MessageBody) -TimeOutSec:($TimeOutSec) -AlertDaysThreshold:($AlertDaysThreshold)
```

#### Description

1. Runs "quser" command to get a list of all active sessions on the machine. 
2. For each user with an active session query the users password expiration date. 
3. If it is determined that the users password will expire within the alert days threshold then a notification is displayed to the user asking them to reset their password.   
4. If the user selects "Yes" then the action will trigger a password reset email to be sent to their inbox. If the user selects "No" then no action will occur. 
5. The output will contain the users response to the message box in the ResponseMessage field.

Required Variables:
* $JCAPIKEY - This must be populated with your your API key.
* By default AlertDaysThreshold is set to 7 days.

![Windows_PasswordExpiration_Notification](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/blob/master/PowerShell/JumpCloud%20Commands%20Gallery/Files/Windows_PasswordExpiration_Notification.png?raw=true)

#### *Import This Command*

To import this command into your JumpCloud tenant run the below command using the [JumpCloud PowerShell Module](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/wiki/Installing-the-JumpCloud-PowerShell-Module)

```
Import-JCCommand -URL 'https://git.io/fh5qZ'
```
