PowerShell/JumpCloud Commands Gallery/Mac Commands/Package Managment/Mac - Install Homebrew Package Manager.md, before:

#### Name

Mac - Install Homebrew Package Manager | v1.0 JCCG

#### commandType

mac

#### Command

```
#!/bin/bash

# Good Conversation here
# https://www.jamf.com/jamf-nation/discussions/20938/installing-brew-and-then-hopefully-gcc-using-brew
# Brew deploy
# Tested on Homebrew 1.0.8

#v1.0 Daniel Shane 28/10/2016 - First Version
#v1.1 16/11/2016 - Typeo and fixed missing group folders
#v1.2 12/01/2017 - Opt out of brew analytics, thanks Geo for finding this

# Set the Default Admin account used to manage Homebrew
useris="defaultadmin"

# Default Admin user needs to exist for this script to function
if [[ ! -d /Users/$useris ]]; then
  exit 1
fi

# Check to make sure we are root
if [ `id -u` != "0" ]
then
   echo "`basename "$0"` MUST run as root..."
   exit 1
fi

#Get macOS version
macosv=`sw_vers -productVersion | cut -d . -f 1,2`

#Set varaiables
HOMEBREW_PREFIX="/usr/local"
HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY="/usr/local/Homebrew"
HOMEBREW_CACHE="/Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew"
BREW_REPO="https://github.com/Homebrew/brew"
CORE_TAP_REPO="https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core"

# Exit if Xcode CLI is not installed
if [ ! -d /Library/Developer ] ; then
    echo "Command Line Tools not installed"
    exit 1
fi

#Make Brew Folders
/bin/mkdir -p /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var

#Set Permissions
/bin/chmod g+rwx /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/bin/chmod 755 /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions

#Set owner on folders
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/usr/bin/chgrp admin /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/bin/mkdir -p /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew
/bin/chmod g+rwx /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew

#Group Folder Permissions
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/var /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig /usr/local/var/log /usr/local/share/aclocal /usr/local/share/doc /usr/local/share/info /usr/local/share/locale /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/man/man1 /usr/local/share/man/man2 /usr/local/share/man/man3 /usr/local/share/man/man4 /usr/local/share/man/man5 /usr/local/share/man/man6 /usr/local/share/man/man7 /usr/local/share/man/man8 &> /dev/null
/usr/bin/chgrp admin /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/var /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig /usr/local/var/log /usr/local/share/aclocal /usr/local/share/doc /usr/local/share/info /usr/local/share/locale /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/man/man1 /usr/local/share/man/man2 /usr/local/share/man/man3 /usr/local/share/man/man4 /usr/local/share/man/man5 /usr/local/share/man/man6 /usr/local/share/man/man7 /usr/local/share/man/man8 &> /dev/null

#Download and install Homebrew
# we do it in four steps to avoid merge errors when reinstalling
# We also do it as the consol user to make sure perms are correct for the repo
cd $HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git init -q
# "git remote add" will fail if the remote is defined in the global config
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config remote.origin.url $BREW_REPO
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config remote.origin.fetch +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*
# ensure we don't munge line endings on checkout
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config core.autocrlf false
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git fetch origin master:refs/remotes/origin/master --tags --force --depth=1
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git reset --hard origin/master
sudo -u "$useris" /bin/ln -sf $HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY/bin/brew $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew

#Update brew as user
sudo -u "$useris" $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew update --force

#Opt out of brew analytics
sudo -u "$useris" $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew analytics off

exit 0
```

#### Description

Installs Homebrew to a mac system without user input. Note: change the defaultadmin user account to match a default admin account in your environment.

#### Import This Command

To import this command into your JumpCloud tenant run the below command using the [JumpCloud PowerShell Module](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/wiki/Installing-the-JumpCloud-PowerShell-Module)

```
Import-JCCommand -URL 'https://git.io/JelTB'
```

Commit message:

app install commands for homebrew and autopkg

PowerShell/JumpCloud Commands Gallery/Mac Commands/Package Managment/Mac - Install Homebrew Package Manager.md, after:

#### Name

Mac - Install Homebrew Package Manager | v1.0 JCCG

#### commandType

mac

#### Command

```
#!/bin/bash

# Good Conversation here
# https://www.jamf.com/jamf-nation/discussions/20938/installing-brew-and-then-hopefully-gcc-using-brew
# Brew deploy
# Tested on Homebrew 2.1.13

#v1.0 Daniel Shane 28/10/2016 - First Version
#v1.1 16/11/2016 - Typeo and fixed missing group folders
#v1.2 12/01/2017 - Opt out of brew analytics, thanks Geo for finding this
#v1.3 10/10/2019 - For use in JumpCloud Commands Gallery

# Set the Default Admin account used to manage Homebrew
useris="defaultadmin"

# Default Admin user needs to exist for this script to function
if [[ ! -d /Users/$useris ]]; then
  exit 1
fi

# Check to make sure we are root
if [ `id -u` != "0" ]
then
   echo "`basename "$0"` MUST run as root..."
   exit 1
fi

#Get macOS version
macosv=`sw_vers -productVersion | cut -d . -f 1,2`

#Set varaiables
HOMEBREW_PREFIX="/usr/local"
HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY="/usr/local/Homebrew"
HOMEBREW_CACHE="/Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew"
BREW_REPO="https://github.com/Homebrew/brew"
CORE_TAP_REPO="https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core"

# Exit if Xcode CLI is not installed
if [ ! -d /Library/Developer ] ; then
    echo "Command Line Tools not installed"
    exit 1
fi

#Make Brew Folders
/bin/mkdir -p /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var

#Set Permissions
/bin/chmod g+rwx /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/bin/chmod 755 /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions

#Set owner on folders
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/usr/bin/chgrp admin /usr/local/Cellar /usr/local/Homebrew /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/opt /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/zsh /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions /usr/local/var
/bin/mkdir -p /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew
/bin/chmod g+rwx /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /Users/$useris/Library/Caches/Homebrew

#Group Folder Permissions
/usr/sbin/chown $useris /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/var /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig /usr/local/var/log /usr/local/share/aclocal /usr/local/share/doc /usr/local/share/info /usr/local/share/locale /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/man/man1 /usr/local/share/man/man2 /usr/local/share/man/man3 /usr/local/share/man/man4 /usr/local/share/man/man5 /usr/local/share/man/man6 /usr/local/share/man/man7 /usr/local/share/man/man8 &> /dev/null
/usr/bin/chgrp admin /usr/local/bin /usr/local/etc /usr/local/Frameworks /usr/local/include /usr/local/lib /usr/local/sbin /usr/local/share /usr/local/var /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig /usr/local/var/log /usr/local/share/aclocal /usr/local/share/doc /usr/local/share/info /usr/local/share/locale /usr/local/share/man /usr/local/share/man/man1 /usr/local/share/man/man2 /usr/local/share/man/man3 /usr/local/share/man/man4 /usr/local/share/man/man5 /usr/local/share/man/man6 /usr/local/share/man/man7 /usr/local/share/man/man8 &> /dev/null

#Download and install Homebrew
# we do it in four steps to avoid merge errors when reinstalling
# We also do it as the consol user to make sure perms are correct for the repo
cd $HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git init -q
# "git remote add" will fail if the remote is defined in the global config
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config remote.origin.url $BREW_REPO
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config remote.origin.fetch +refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*
# ensure we don't munge line endings on checkout
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git config core.autocrlf false
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git fetch origin master:refs/remotes/origin/master --tags --force --depth=1
sudo -u "$useris" /usr/bin/git reset --hard origin/master
sudo -u "$useris" /bin/ln -sf $HOMEBREW_REPOSITORY/bin/brew $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew

#Update brew as user
sudo -u "$useris" $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew update --force

#Opt out of brew analytics
sudo -u "$useris" $HOMEBREW_PREFIX/bin/brew analytics off

exit 0
```

#### Description

Installs Homebrew to a mac system without user input. Note: change the defaultadmin user account to match a default admin account in your environment. This script cannot music be run as root. It's worth changing the deployment time of this script to 300 seconds or longer depending on your network connection.

#### Import This Command

To import this command into your JumpCloud tenant run the below command using the [JumpCloud PowerShell Module](https://github.com/TheJumpCloud/support/wiki/Installing-the-JumpCloud-PowerShell-Module)

```
Import-JCCommand -URL 'https://git.io/JelTB'
```
